In the last lecture we saw something strange.
If we have a favorite quote and we kind of unfavorite it it still is shown on the favorite quotes page.
Only if we leave this page and come back Is it gone.
Now why is that.
The reason for this is that this page the favorite quotes page is not really rendered when we simply
dismiss the modal.
Keep in mind the modal simply is an overlay so if you take away the overlay.
The page below it was just hidden.
So it's not re rendered.
It's not even taken from the cache.
It really was just hidden.
This is what we're not seeing that change here because the page is not pre-rendered.
So in order to fix this we simply have to do as here in the place where we remove it from our favorite
quotes array.
We can simply reload our quotes so we could say these quotes and then simply get our quotes again.
Get favorite quotes.
Now of course an alternative would also be to simply search the selected quote In our quote cerate.
So I'm going to show this alternative here too.
So I'll store it in a Consta and maybe let's name that found quote and then of the X's are quotes array
in this page.
Disarray here at the top used the find index method again to find a quote.
I know that I get the quote elements so that this function here is excellent for each quote in the array
just as I explained before.
And then here we can simply check if the quote element ID equals the ID of the selected quote.
Like this.
Right.
And with that we can say this quotes splice.
Maybe rename found quote to position instead.
Start at the position of the quote we found remove exactly one element the one we found.
And now if we say yes you should see that we correctly also remove the code.
If we unfavorite it.
So let's try this with another quote.
This one your cyclic cancelled this one here.
Click on unfavored.
Now it's gone as soon as the modal disappears as you saw.
Because now we're cleaning this up again.
An alternative would be to simply reload all the quotes here but if you don't want to do this this is
Dakotah simply remove a single quote.
As a side note alternative would be to simply use index to find the position since Diskworld is of course
taken from that code is an array so you could even shorten this a bit more.
But the most important thing is not how to do this but that you need to update this because it's not
done automatically because the page was only hidden not removed so it's not Riera entered.
Now we're updating it though.